Minnow Trap

	Materials:
	- Pliers
	- Sharp Scissors
	- Plastic Soda Bottles x2
	- Woodworking nail  (exact size is unimportant, long enough to grip with pliers at the head and have some space near the point)
	- Bowl of cool water
	- Twine, kite string, or strong fishing line
	- Flame source, preferably a torch or gas stove top (Do NOT use a pocket lighter, as keeping the flame on for lengths of time is dangerous)

	What you'll do:

	Step 1: 

	Label the two soda bottles A and B. Cut off the bottom 1/3 of bottle A and leave it in your recycle bin. Keep the cap. On bottle B, cut off the "neck and shoulders" of the bottle. It should be about half an inch below where the sides begin to straighten out. Place the rest of the bottle and the spare cap in the recycle bin.

	Step 2:

	The following steps should be done near a flame source. 

	Fit the funnel shaped piece from bottle B in to the bottom of bottle A, facing it so it points towards the remaining cap on bottle A. You should be left with a small "cave". 

	Step 3: 

	Holding the two bottle pieces together in your weak hand, turn on the flame. Grasp the nail near the head firmly with the pliers, and hold over the flame until good and hot. 
	Once the nail is heated, press the hot nail through the two bottle pieces in 10 to 12 places around the lip of the "cave". Place nail in the bowl of cool water when finished.

	Step 4:

	Using your string or twine, sew the two bottle pieces together. Alternatively, you can also cut the string in to pieces and individually tie each hole so the two bottle pieces do not come apart. 

	Step 5: 

	After the pieces are tied together, reheat the nail. Carefully put more holes around bottle A, around a dozen or so. This will help sink your trap and keep it near the bottom of your pond, lake, or stream.

	Step 6:

	Bait your trap with bread, crackers, or even a hot dog. You'll want your bait to be able to fit in to the small funnel portion of bottle B. Place your trap in the water and leave for several hours, perferably overnight. Once you've recovered your trap, unscrew the cap from bottle A and dump the minnows inside in to a minnow bucket. Enjoy fishing with your bait!




	

	http://fishing.boyslife.org/make-a-minnow-trap/